Add note about palette to toc.follow documentation (#411)
jbms/sphinx-immaterial: docs/customization.rst

            Note that if the ``toc.integrate`` feature is enabled, the left
            sidebar is instead scrolled for the local table-of-contents as
            described above.

          .. warning::

>               When enabling the ``toc.follow`` feature,

Reviewer: Oops. Looks like my suggestion's indent was off somehow.

```suggestion
             When enabling the ``toc.follow`` feature,
```
Currently, it renders as a block quote.

            Note that if the ``toc.integrate`` feature is enabled, the left
            sidebar is instead scrolled for the local table-of-contents as
            described above.

>           .. note::
>               To enable the ``toc.follow`` feature, a `palette` must be set.

Reviewer: We can instead warn about known undesirable behavior and link to the original issue ticket. 

```suggestion
          .. warning::
              When enabling the ``toc.follow`` feature,
             a `palette` must be set to avoid some known undesirable behavior.
             See `issue 380 <https://github.com/jbms/sphinx-immaterial/issues/380>`_.
```
